Stop using the term "plug-in" (#3712)
icerpc/icerpc-csharp: src/IceRpc.Protobuf/README.md

using GreeterProtobufServer;
using IceRpc;

> // Create a server that will dispatch all requests to the same service, an instance of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create a server that dispatches all requests to the same service, an instance of
```
